so it looks like the rain did not keep
the tailgaters in San Diego out of the
parking lot they are still here in full
force I found this sweet looking toyota
tundra so I thought I'd come over and
find out what the fans are doing in the
parking lot let's check it out
so guys how long have you been here
we've been here about two hours three
hours maybe but it's raining but it's
real weird we got the racing spirit
that's all so I see you guys have a
pretty cool party going on what are you
eating what are you doing we got a
little bit error than got some tuna we
got some kind of SATA we got some
ceviche we got some nachos we got some
burgers and some hot links I found some
good-smelling burgers cooking in this
kitchen so show me what you're cooking
we got some steaks going on this carne
asada yes i love it i want some mexican
taquito tequila is awesome i want some
so are you here written for any writers
specifically authorized a shirt Ryan
Villopoto of course you know want to see
them on the podium and anybody else
running in the green aim would be would
be pretty dynamite tonight you have a
favorite writer um big Bubba fans in San
Diego awesome guys will have fun what's
cooking over here guys no we go yes
mistakes did you make them for me you
having fun yeah absolutely having fun
just got here ready for Supercross 2010
San Diego that's right yet have any
favorite riders yeah absolutely Chad
Reed I like the old-school guys you know
Chad Reed Windham Lusk you know those
are the good boy sure sure of course
yeah what else do we represent their ego
will have fun guys how about you what
are you doing here just chillin on the
tailgate yeah I heard it's someone's
birthday over here who's that Hayley and
how old are you turn 19 very cool and
you're celebrating my coming to
Supercross San Diego you have a favorite
rider out here tonight not really just
here for mall you here for all the
monster ones at least guys I matching
outfits on you gotta go for them right
yeah cool how about you honesty metal
mulisha Anya yeah Chad Reed Chad Reed
very good we found another sweet toyota
in the parking lot along with a bunch of
really cool looking tailgaters i'm going
to hang out with right now i see you
guys are drinking monster i like that so
are you going into the pits yeah
about to go right now you know you get
in free the Monster can yeah so you guys
getting into the pits for free we've all
had at least one hand who are you guys
here to see you tonight all right thank
you yeah yeah writing done join ryan
dungey is this your first Supercross oh
no I'm on my board so third time awesome
you big ten deride yeah I'm gonna smell
really good when I come out here I'm
getting this my new perfume ribs so I
see you reppin the monster hat T are you
a monster fan big fan big fan do you
drink it all the time monsters low-carb
cuz I'm watching my weight yeah